AP_HAL_ChibiOS: Add support for 3DR ControlN1 (#31228)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: libraries/AP_HAL_ChibiOS/hwdef/3DRControlN1/README.md

| SG7   | UART5_TX  | 37  | 38  | RESERVED  | -     |
| POWER | GND       | 39  | 40  | RESERVED  | -     |
| SG3   | UART7_RTS | 41  | 42  | GND       | POWER |
| SG3   | UART7_CTS | 43  | 44  | GP4       | GPIO  |
| SG3   | UART7_RX  | 45  | 46  | GP3       | GPIO  |
| SG3   | UART7_TX  | 47  | 48  | GP2       | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 49  | 50  | GP1       | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 51  | 52  | GND       | POWER |
| POWER | GND       | 53  | 54  | CH12      | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 55  | 56  | CH11      | GPIO  |
| POWER | GND       | 57  | 58  | CH10      | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 59  | 60  | CH9       | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 61  | 62  | GND       | POWER |
| -     | RESERVED  | 63  | 64  | CH8       | GPIO  |
| POWER | GND       | 65  | 66  | CH7       | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 67  | 68  | CH6       | GPIO  |
| POWER | GND       | 69  | 70  | CH5       | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 71  | 72  | GND       | POWER |
| -     | RESERVED  | 73  | 74  | CH4       | GPIO  |
| POWER | GND       | 75  | 76  | CH3       | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 77  | 78  | CH2       | GPIO  |
| -     | RESERVED  | 79  | 80  | CH1       | GPIO  |

> ## UART Mapping

Reviewer: better UART table:
UART Port Mapping:
Port      UART      Protocol        TX DMA  RX DMA
--------- --------- ---------------- ------- -------
0         USB       MAVLink2        ✘       ✘
1         USART2    MAVLink2        ✔       ✔
2         UART4     MAVLink2        ✔       ✔
3         UART8     GPS             ✔       ✔
4         USART3    GPS             ✔       ✔
5         USART6    None            ✔       ✔
6         UART7     None            ✔       ✔
7         USART1    None            ✔       ✔

also note which UARTS have RTS/CTS flow control

- SERIAL0 -> USB1, for GCS connection

- SERIAL1 -> USART2 (TELEM 1)

- SERIAL2 -> UART4 (TELEM 2)

- SERIAL3 -> UART8 (GPS)

- SERIAL4 -> USART3 (GPS 2)

- SERIAL5 -> USART6

- SERIAL6 -> UART7

- SERIAL7 -> USART1

## Analog Inputs

The Control N1 has 2 user ADC inputs:

- ADC1 Pin18 -> Battery Voltage
- ADC1 Pin10 -> Battery Current

And one internal ADC input:

- ADC1 Pin8 -> Vcc (5V)

## PWM Output

> The Control N1 supports 12 PWM outputs. All DShot and BiDirDShot capable (TBC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Control N1 supports 13 PWM outputs, output 13 is defaulted to serial LED. All outputs are DShot capable. Outputs 1-4 are Bi-Directional DSHOT capable.
```

The PWM outputs are distributed in 3 groups:

- PWM 1-4 in group 1
- PWM 5-8 in group 2
- PWM 9-12 in group 4

Channels within the same group must use only one output rate. If any channel is using DShot or BiDirDShot the rest of the group will use the said output type.

## Addressable LED

The RGB LED onboard is a WS2812B addressable type LED, connected to PWM channel 13 (TIM3_CH4).
The LED's data out pin is exposed as ADDR_LED.

## Power Supply

This board requires a 5V, 500mA power supply.

## Battery Monitoring

Analog voltage and current or I2C sensors may be used. The following settings need to be set to work with a Power Zero Module (M10077):

- BATT_MONITOR 4
- BATT_VOLT_PIN 18
- BATT_CURR_PIN 10
- BATT_VOLT_SCALE 15.3

> - BATT_CURR_SCALE 50.0

Reviewer: incorrect parameter name

_Other Power Modules need to be adjusted accordingly_

> 

Reviewer: add Compass sector and note about ususally disabling...like:
The F4BY_H743 has a built-in compass. Due to potential interference, the autopilot is usually used with an external I2C compass as part of a GPS/Compass combination.

> ## Build

Reviewer: not required, but line like this one:
F4BY_H743 can be found here <https://firmware.ardupilot.org> in sub-folders labeled “F4BY_H743”.
